DOCS-10898-GenerateControlNumbers-ESB (#1470)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: edifact-edi/2.2/modules/ROOT/pages/edifact-edi-connector-control-numbers.adoc

= EDIFACT EDI Connector 2.2 - Control Numbers - Mule 4

Using the Write operation in the Anypoint Connector for EDIFACT EDI (EDIFACT EDI Connector), you can generate control numbers on the generated EDIFACT payload by:

* Managing global control numbers through control number keys
* Managing identifier combination control numbers
* Using your own control number

== Manage Global Control Numbers Through Control Number Keys

> If your organization or your trading partner must maintain unique interchange, group, or transaction set control numbers across different identifier combinations and document types, then:

Reviewer: I'd argue that you could cut "then"

* Set the configuration `Use supplied values` to `false`.
* Leverage the control number key configurations (at the configuration level or operation level) to set a key unique to the partner. +
+
By default, the control number key configurations pass dynamically at the operation level. You can then use this group control number key across different identifiers and transaction types for the same partner.

image::edifact-edi-connector-control-number.jpg[EDIFACT EDI Connector Control Numbers]

== Manage Identifier Combination Control Numbers

> If you want the connector to automatically maintain control number sequencing based on the sender/receiver identifiers and you do not require global control numbers at a partner level, then set the Write configuration `Use supplied values` to `false`. When no value passes into the optional interchange, group, or transaction number key configurations, the sender/receiver identifier combination is the default.

Reviewer: should "Write" be formatted?

= EDIFACT EDI Connector 2.2 - Control Numbers - Mule 4

> Using the Write operation in the Anypoint EDIFACT EDI Connector, you can generate control numbers on the generated EDIFACT payload by:

Reviewer 2: I'm guessing the full name is Anypoint Connector for EDIFACT EDI? 
That makes the short form EDIFACT EDI Connector.
Since this is a Level-1 topic, I suggest reintroducing the whole shebang:
```suggestion
Using the Write operation in the Anypoint Connector for EDIFACT EDI (EDIFACT EDI Connector), you can generate control numbers on the generated EDIFACT payload by:
```

Reviewer 2: Question: you use Write to _generate_ control numbers by..._managing_ or _using_? 
This doesn't sound right. To me, _generate_ is like create or obtain, rather than manage or use.
Doublecheck?
(Also, see if you can avoid using "generate" twice in the final clause.)

* Managing global control numbers through control number keys
* Managing identifier combination control numbers
* Using your own control number

== Manage Global Control Numbers Through Control Number Keys

> If your organization or your trading partner have must maintain the uniqueness of interchange, group, or transaction set control numbers across different identifier combinations and document types, then:

Reviewer 2: Simpler:
```suggestion
If your organization or your trading partner must maintain unique interchange, group, or transaction set control numbers across different identifier combinations and document types, then:
```

* Set the configuration `Use supplied values` to `false`.

> * Leverage the control number key configurations (at the configuration level or operation level) to set a key unique to the partner. +
> By default, the control number key configurations pass dynamically at the operation level. You can then use this group control number key across different identifiers and transaction types for the same partner.

Reviewer 2: This is longish for a bullet list item. Consider whether it is better to leave it as is or to insert a line so that the list is more scannable:
```suggestion
* Leverage the control number key configurations (at the configuration level or operation level) to set a key unique to the partner. +
+
By default, the control number key configurations pass dynamically at the operation level. You can then use this group control number key across different identifiers and transaction types for the same partner.
```

image::edifact-edi-connector-control-number.jpg[EDIFACT EDI Connector Control Numbers]

== Manage Identifier Combination Control Numbers

If you want the connector to automatically maintain control number sequencing based on the sender/receiver identifiers, and do not require global control numbers at a partner level, then:

* Set the Write configuration `Use supplied values` to `false`.

> * When no value passes into the optional interchange, group, or transaction number key configurations, the sender/receiver identifier combination is the default.

Reviewer 2: The introduction to this list implies two actions, but only the first is an action.
Reconsider whether you need a list; the items are not parallel.

== Use Your Own Control Number

> If you must generate the control numbers and use them on the EDI payload, you can set the parameter `Use supplied values` to `true`, and map the control number on the payload to the DataWeave map.

Reviewer 3: Please change the ending to "in the Dataweave map"

Author: Done!
